[Silence.]
Great day in the coming.
What do you say?
He's going to be a porter.
He's going to be a porter up there.
Glory.
Hallelujah.
I'm saved today.
Amen.
I'm going to be saved.
Well, then shout glory.
Oh, the dead coming state is going to be a porter.
He's going to be a porter up there.
That glorious day.
Hallelujah.
I can see him now.
What are you going to do?
Gee, he's going to let everybody in.
He's going to be a porter at the gate.
He don't have to be no porter at the gate, no.
He can be whatever he want to in heaven because he'll run heaven.
Hallelujah, what glory.
But he's going to be a porter that day.
Why?
Because he chooses to be a porter that day.
He's going to let them all in.
Hallelujah, I see that there before me now.
Some of you brothers and sisters out there, you call yourself a saint.
You call yourself a saint.
Amen, just like I call myself a saint.
Amen, you're gonna walk up there.
You see, you're walking up there to the golden pearly gates right now.
You're gonna go marching right up there to Jesus.
You're gonna open the gate.
You're gonna say, hello, sister so-and-so.
Who are you?
Oh, I'm sister so-and-so.
Oh, ain't you the one who want to talk about your neighbor?
Yes, he is, but I want to explain that.
I ain't got time to hear no explaining today.
Hallelujah, I got a lot of other folks left.
You got to go to the other place.
It's too late.
Glory.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
Lord God Almighty, I'm saved today.
Well, praise his precious name.
And you're going to say, oh, Jesus, let me explain.
There's so many things I want to explain.
Don't push me away on glory.
This my last chance for salvation.
Well, what did they do to old Peter?
They're taking old Peter out there.
What do Hebrew 9 tell us?
Hebrew 9 folk tell us they're taking Peter.
They crucified him with his heels up in the air, with his head a-hanging down.
They poured bile and oil all over him.
What did he say?
He shouted, glory, amen, hallelujah.
And Peter just barely made it.
Oh, glory.
What did they do to St.
John?
To take St.
John out there?
To chop his head off at his shoulder?
To bow him in the eye?
Yes, glory.